hello there today I'd like to show you a
brief unboxing of 481 number hf r 2 s 3
b which is a forebear raid enclosure
made by media sonic
alright a lot of information in the
front it has support raid 1 3 5 10 and
n0 supports windows 7 windows vista with
XP and 2000 it's also a mac compatible
it has three interface e-sata USB 2.0
and firewire alright let's turn it to
the side here back a lot of information
it supports the different rate and its
descriptions
okay let's open this up
ok let's open nicely packed so what we
having here so let's see what we have
here don't know what this table is we're
going to find out AC adapter there we go
the other part we have a SATA cable USB
cable USB cable we have a firewire cable
and I guess these are holders for the
hard drive just going to find out that
quick start guide I guess and
installation this ok playback the baits
off nicely impact all right let's look
at a 360 view of the raid pro in the
front we have a lot of indicators three
buttons basically power button and mode
button and fan button and you could open
it by pressing it here I believe all
right just like that for base and you
could open the bay by pressing these two
lovers down and here we go I haven't put
in a hard drive yet so you still see
packaging ok it's well packed and turn
to the side here all right
for a smart family has two firewire 800
and DC in which is the woods where the
power the AC adapter goes as a big fan
in the back and a firewire 400 port
e-sata port and a USB port turn to the
side flow rate and let's turn it to the
bottom match for rubber on the bottom